docs(data): add document about how customize a entityCollection level property of ngrx-data (#1921)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/data/entity-metadata.md

The NgRx Data library generates selectors for these properties but has no way to update them. You'll have to create or extend the existing reducers to do that yourself.

If the property you want to add comes from `backend`, you will need some additional work to make sure the property can be saved into the store from `Effects` correctly.

> #### Step1: Implement `PersistenceResultHandler` to save data from backend to action.payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 1: Implement `PersistenceResultHandler` to save data from backend to action.payload
```

> You need to create an `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler` and overwrite the [handleSuccess](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/blob/master/modules/data/src/dataservices/persistence-result-handler.service.ts) method, the purpose is to parse the data got from `DataService` and retrieve the additional property then save it to `action.payload`. Here is a sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new class `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` that `extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler` and overwrite the [handleSuccess](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/blob/master/modules/data/src/dataservices/persistence-result-handler.service.ts) method, the purpose is to parse the data received from the `DataService`, retrieve the additional property, and then save this to the `action.payload`. Here is a sample.
```

```typescript

> export class AdditionalPropertyPersistenceResultHandler {

Reviewer: Shouldn't this have `extends` ?
```suggestion
export class AdditionalPropertyPersistenceResultHandler extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler {
```

  handleSuccess(originalAction: EntityAction): (data: any) => Action {
    const actionHandler = super.handleSuccess(originalAction);
    // return a factory to get a data handler to
    // parse data from DataService and save to action.payload
    return function(data: any) {
      const action = actionHandler.call(this, data);
      if (action && data && data.foo) {
        // save the data.foo to action.payload.foo
        (action as any).payload.foo = data.foo;
      }
      return action;
    };
  }
}
```

> #### Step2: Overwrite `EntityCollectionReducerMethods` to save additional property from action.payload to EntityCollection instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step2: Overwrite `EntityCollectionReducerMethods` to save the additional property from action.payload to the `EntityCollection` instance
```

> #### Step2: Overwrite `EntityCollectionReducerMethods` to save additional property from action.payload to EntityCollection instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 2: Overwrite `EntityCollectionReducerMethods` to save additional property from action.payload to EntityCollection instance
```

> Now the additional property is set to `action.payload`, but we still need to set it to the instance of EntityCollection in the `reducer`, to do that, we need to create a `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods`, and overwrite the method match your `action`, for example, if the additional property `foo` only available in `queryMany action(triggered by EntityCollectionService.getWithQuery)`, we can do like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the prior step, we have added the additional property to the `action.payload`. Up next we need to set it to the instance of EntityCollection in the `reducer`. In order to accomplish that, we need to create an `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods` that `extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods`. In addition, we will need to overwrite the method to match your `action`. For example, if the additional property `foo` is only available in `queryMany action(triggered by EntityCollectionService.getWithQuery)`, we can following this approach.
```

```typescript
export class AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods<T> extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods<T> {
  constructor(public entityName: string, public definition: EntityDefinition<T>) {
    super(entityName, definition);
  }
   protected queryManySuccess(
    collection: EntityCollection<T>,
    action: EntityAction<T[]>
  ): EntityCollection<T> {
    const ec = super.queryManySuccess(collection, action);
    if ((action.payload as any).foo) {
      // save the foo property from action.payload to entityCollection instance
      (ec as any).foo = (action.payload as any).foo;
    }
    return ec;
  }
}
```

#### Step 3: Register customized `EntityCollectionReducerMethods` and `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler`.
Finally we need to register the `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` and `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods` to replace the default implementation.

Register `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` in `NgModule`,

```typescript
@NgModule({
  { provide: PersistenceResultHandler, useClass: PagePersistenceResultHandler },
})
```

> Register `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods`, to do that, we need to create a `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodFactory`, for details, see [Entity Reducer](guide/data/entity-reducer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods`, to do that, we need to create an `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodFactory`, for details, see [Entity Reducer](guide/data/entity-reducer)
```

Author: @wesleygrimes, thank you very much, I need to use some grammar check tool to do some check before commit the next time.

Reviewer: You're welcome. Thanks for contributing! We use Grammarly and find good success with it. It's free too!

```typescript
@Injectable()
export class AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory {
  constructor(private entityDefinitionService: EntityDefinitionService) {}
   /** Create the  {EntityCollectionReducerMethods} for the named entity type */
  create<T>(entityName: string): EntityCollectionReducerMethodMap<T> {
    const definition = this.entityDefinitionService.getDefinition<T>(entityName);
    const methodsClass = new AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods(entityName, definition);
     return methodsClass.methods;
  }
}
```

> then register this `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory` to `NgModule`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory` to `NgModule`,
```

> then register this `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory` to `NgModule`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register this `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory` to `NgModule`,
```

The NgRx Data library generates selectors for these properties but has no way to update them. You'll have to create or extend the existing reducers to do that yourself.

> If the property you want to add comes from `backend`, you will need some additional work to make sure the property can be saved into store from `Effects` correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the property you want to add comes from `backend`, you will need some additional work to make sure the property can be saved into the store from `Effects` correctly.
```

#### Step1: Implement `PersistenceResultHandler` to save data from backend to action.payload

> You need to create a `AdditioanlPersistenceResultHandler extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler` and overwrite [handleSuccess](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/blob/master/modules/data/src/dataservices/persistence-result-handler.service.ts) method, the purpose is to parse the data got from `DataService` and retrieve the additional property then save it to `action.payload`. Here is a sample.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to create an `AdditionalPropertyPersistenceResultHandler` extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler` and overwrite [handleSuccess](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/blob/master/modules/data/src/dataservices/persistence-result-handler.service.ts) method, the purpose is to parse the data got from `DataService` and retrieve the additional property then save it to `action.payload`. Here is a sample.
```

```typescript
export class AdditionalPropertyPersistenceResultHandler {
  handleSuccess(originalAction: EntityAction): (data: any) => Action {
    const actionHandler = super.handleSuccess(originalAction);

>     // here will return a factory to get a data handler to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // return a factory to get a data handler to
```

```typescript
export class AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods<T> extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods<T> {
  constructor(public entityName: string, public definition: EntityDefinition<T>) {
    super(entityName, definition);
  }
   protected queryManySuccess(
    collection: EntityCollection<T>,
    action: EntityAction<T[]>
  ): EntityCollection<T> {
    const ec = super.queryManySuccess(collection, action);
    if ((action.payload as any).foo) {
      // save the foo property from action.payload to entityCollection instance
      (ec as any).foo = (action.payload as any).foo;
    }
    return ec;
  }
}
```

#### Step3: Register customized `EntityCollectionReducermethods` and `PersisntenceResultHandler`.
Finally we need to register the `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` and `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods` to replace the default implementation.

Register `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` in `NgModule`,

```typescript
@NgModule({
  ...

>     { provide: PersistenceResultHandler, useClass: PagePersistenceResultHandler },

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 { provide: PersistenceResultHandler, useClass: PagePersistenceResultHandler },
```

The NgRx Data library generates selectors for these properties but has no way to update them. You'll have to create or extend the existing reducers to do that yourself.

If the property you want to add comes from `backend`, you will need some additional work to make sure the property can be saved into the store from `Effects` correctly.

#### Step1: Implement `PersistenceResultHandler` to save data from backend to action.payload

> You need to create an `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler` and overwrite [handleSuccess](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/blob/master/modules/data/src/dataservices/persistence-result-handler.service.ts) method, the purpose is to parse the data got from `DataService` and retrieve the additional property then save it to `action.payload`. Here is a sample.

Reviewer: @JiaLiPassion I believe this still needs to be changed to `an example` not `a sample`.

> You need to create an `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler extends DefaultPersistenceResultHandler` and overwrite [handleSuccess](https://github.com/ngrx/platform/blob/master/modules/data/src/dataservices/persistence-result-handler.service.ts) method, the purpose is to parse the data got from `DataService` and retrieve the additional property then save it to `action.payload`. Here is a sample.

Author: @wesleygrimes , sorry I missed this one, I just fixed it, thanks!

```typescript
export class AdditionalPropertyPersistenceResultHandler {
  handleSuccess(originalAction: EntityAction): (data: any) => Action {
    const actionHandler = super.handleSuccess(originalAction);
    // return a factory to get a data handler to
    // parse data from DataService and save to action.payload
    return function(data: any) {
      const action = actionHandler.call(this, data);
      if (action && data && data.foo) {
        // save the data.foo to action.payload.foo
        (action as any).payload.foo = data.foo;
      }
      return action;
    };
  }
}
```

#### Step2: Overwrite `EntityCollectionReducerMethods` to Save additional property from action.payload to EntityCollection instance

> Now the additional property is set to `action.payload`, but we still need to set it to the instance of EntityCollection in `reducer`, to do that, we need to create a `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods`, and overwrite the method match your `action`, for example, if the additional property `foo` only available in `getWithQuery action`, we can do like this.

Reviewer 2: I'm not very familiar with ngrx/data and that's probably why I find the below confusing. 

>  and overwrite the method match your `action`, for example, if the additional property `foo` is only available in the `getWithQuery action`, we can do like this.

For example in the example below, I don't see a `getWithQuery action`

> Now the additional property is set to `action.payload`, but we still need to set it to the instance of EntityCollection in `reducer`, to do that, we need to create a `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods`, and overwrite the method match your `action`, for example, if the additional property `foo` only available in `getWithQuery action`, we can do like this.

Author: @timdeschryver, yeah, this is a little confusing, I will update the text.

```typescript
export class AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods<T> extends EntityCollectionReducerMethods<T> {
  constructor(public entityName: string, public definition: EntityDefinition<T>) {
    super(entityName, definition);
  }
   protected queryManySuccess(
    collection: EntityCollection<T>,
    action: EntityAction<T[]>
  ): EntityCollection<T> {
    const ec = super.queryManySuccess(collection, action);
    if ((action.payload as any).foo) {
      // save the foo property from action.payload to entityCollection instance
      (ec as any).foo = (action.payload as any).foo;
    }
    return ec;
  }
}
```

#### Step3: Register customized `EntityCollectionReducermethods` and `PersisntenceResultHandler`.
Finally we need to register the `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` and `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods` to replace the default implementation.

Register `AdditionalPersistenceResultHandler` in `NgModule`,

```typescript
@NgModule({

>   ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

  { provide: PersistenceResultHandler, useClass: PagePersistenceResultHandler },
})
```

Register `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods`, to do that, we need to create a `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodFactory`, for detail, please see this [doc](guide/data/entity-reducer)

```typescript
@Injectable()
export class AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory {
  constructor(private entityDefinitionService: EntityDefinitionService) {}
   /** Create the  {EntityCollectionReducerMethods} for the named entity type */
  create<T>(entityName: string): EntityCollectionReducerMethodMap<T> {
    const definition = this.entityDefinitionService.getDefinition<T>(entityName);
    const methodsClass = new AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethods(entityName, definition);
     return methodsClass.methods;
  }
}
```

then register this `AdditionalEntityCollectionReducerMethodsFactory` to `NgModule`,

```typescript
@NgModule({

>   ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
